[docs] document email notifications enabled by default (#44756)
expo/expo: docs/pages/billing/usage-based-pricing.mdx

  className="max-w-[600px]"
/>

### Usage notifications

> Expo sends email notifications to account Owners and Admins when your account reaches **80%** and **100%** of your plan's included EAS Build credits, helping you anticipate overage charges before they occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expo sends email notifications to account [Owners and Admins](/accounts/account-types/#manage-access) when your account reaches **80%** and **100%** of your plan's included EAS Build credits. This helps you anticipate overage charges before they occur.
```

I'd suggest breaking this sentence into two for readability improvement.

> These notifications are enabled by default. You can manage your notification preferences from the **Email notifications** page in your [account dashboard](https://expo.dev/settings/billing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These notifications are enabled by default. You can manage your notification preferences from the **Email notifications** page in your [EAS dashboard](https://expo.dev/settings/billing).
```

A small suggestion to use consistent terms like "EAS dashboard" over "account".
